What’s an OTT App?
OTT stands for over the top. It is an app that uses the internet
to get content rather than satelites and cable. It can be used for 
video, audio and calling.

What kind of devices run OTT apps?
Devices that have access to the internet: Phone, Computer, smart TV

What are the main differences between OTT development vs general web development?
OTT apps are developed to be navigated by a tv remote-like controller. Computer arrows can 
be mapped to each button on a controller. It's also normally used on TV's which have dynamic
layouts and are typically horizontal rather than verticle like a phone.

What is a Focus Manager?
It's the part of the program that manages key strokes. It manages for example, When
you click enter, it will console.log "Hello World"

What is a Platform Abstraction Layer?
Depending on which platform the user is using, they may need a different
platform class. Once we detect what platform they are using, we can choose
the right platform based on the device. The different platforms are actually just
and abstraction of the platform.


What do we call a “Shell” app?
A native app that has a webview where we can run our code.

What is LightningJS?
LightningJS is a javascript library that is especially made for developing TV apps.
It doesn't use HTML or CSS, just javascript. Makes browser-based tv apps.

How can I add new elements to a Lightning app?
Add it inside the template. Add any styles you want. Rebuild your project. Do lng serve to run it.

How would you setup your browser to test an OTT app?
You want to set up your browser as close to the device the app will be used on as possible.
Pay attention to: The size of the screen, Pixel Guide, don't use flex positioning, only absolute or relative.

What’s a source control system? What benefits does it have?
It keeps track of the changes you make to your code. It allows groups of people to work on the same
code and if there are merge conflicts, it will help to solve them. You can also go back
to a previous commit in your code when needed.

What’s a repository?
A repository is where you can find all previous commits, merges, anything and everything git.

What’s a branch? When do you create them?
A branch is when you can copy all the code in your project and create a side project to change so you
aren't affecting the main version. You can run your code, test it, and once your are satisfied with 
the new code, you can make a pull request then merge.

What’s a pull request? When do you create them?
A pull request is a way of checking the changes that you wish to make to the main version of the code.
Typically someone higher up in the company will do a code review and approve or deny with details your
changes. You can make one through the github web interface by looking at commits on your branch and clicking
on "compare & pull request." You then send a link to the person you want to check your code.